README.md, before:

# Norkart Renovasjon to Google Calendar

This small piece of software does the following:

1. Taps into Geonorge to find municipality number based on municipality name
2. Taps into a Norkart Renovasjon API to fetch your yealy renovation schedule in a PDF file
3. Parses and processes the PDF into a CSV format
4. Creates events in Google Calendar based on the dates in your renovation schedule with an email reminder

## Usage

    pip install -r requirements.txt
    cd src
    python runner.py

## Requirements

- The software requires that you setup the `config.ini` with proper values:

  - You need an API key for Norkart Renovasjon API, which actors like [ÅRIM](http://arim.no/din-renovasjon/n%C3%A5r-blir-avfallet-mitt-henta) and [VØR](http://www.vor.no/toemekalender.6137546-470570.html) use:

    <img src="resources/example_api_key.png" alt="API-key from Chrome DevTools" width="640"/>

  - You need a Calendar ID which can be found under "Integrate calendar" in a Google calendars settings:

    <img src="resources/example_calendar_id.png" alt="Calendar ID from Google Calendar settings" width="640"/>

- For Google Calendar adding to work you need to replace `client_secrets.json` for OAuth authentication:

  - The file can be obtained from [Google API Console](https://console.developers.google.com/apis/credentials):

    <img src="resources/example_client_secrets.png" alt="Client secrets from Google API Console" width="640"/>

## Example

See example output below:

    $ python runner.py
    Municipality number: 1520
    PDF URL: https://komteksky.norkart.no/komtek.renovasjonwebapi/Content/7ece650e2665497f9bac50aa9efb1137/T%C3%B8mmekalender.pdf
    Added <Søppel Matavfall, 2019-01-02 06:00:00, 2019-01-02 07:00:00>
    Added <Søppel Restavfall, 2019-01-08 06:00:00, 2019-01-08 07:00:00>
    Added <Søppel Matavfall, 2019-01-15 06:00:00, 2019-01-15 07:00:00>
    Added <Søppel Papp/papir/plast, 2019-01-22 06:00:00, 2019-01-22 07:00:00>
    Added <Søppel Glas/Metallemballasje, 2019-01-23 06:00:00, 2019-01-23 07:00:00>
    ...

Functionality tested and working 2019-11-12 for 2020 renovation schedule.

## License

The software in this repo is released under CC-BY-SA 4.0, also found in the `LICENSE` file.

## Improvements and issues

- Lacking documentation
- Structure could use some cleanup
- No `setup.py`

Commit message:

Update README.md NOT working for 2021 schedule.

README.md, after:

# Norkart Renovasjon to Google Calendar

## 2021 notice

**⚠️ WARNING: This software does NOT work for actors like ÅRIM and VØR for 2021.** This due to a change in their PDF layout where the dates are no longer specified with text, but rather with images. Due to this I've chosen to not update the functionality to accomodate this particular change and rather look for alternative approaches.

So far, this means the software is not usuable for the upcoming renovation schedule.

## Introduction

This small piece of software does the following:

1. Taps into Geonorge to find municipality number based on municipality name
2. Taps into a Norkart Renovasjon API to fetch your yealy renovation schedule in a PDF file
3. Parses and processes the PDF into a CSV format
4. Creates events in Google Calendar based on the dates in your renovation schedule with an email reminder

## Usage

    pip install -r requirements.txt
    cd src
    python runner.py

## Requirements

- The software requires that you setup the `config.ini` with proper values:

  - You need an API key for Norkart Renovasjon API, which actors like [ÅRIM](http://arim.no/din-renovasjon/n%C3%A5r-blir-avfallet-mitt-henta) and [VØR](http://www.vor.no/toemekalender.6137546-470570.html) use:

    <img src="resources/example_api_key.png" alt="API-key from Chrome DevTools" width="640"/>

  - You need a Calendar ID which can be found under "Integrate calendar" in a Google calendars settings:

    <img src="resources/example_calendar_id.png" alt="Calendar ID from Google Calendar settings" width="640"/>

- For Google Calendar adding to work you need to replace `client_secrets.json` for OAuth authentication:

  - The file can be obtained from [Google API Console](https://console.developers.google.com/apis/credentials):

    <img src="resources/example_client_secrets.png" alt="Client secrets from Google API Console" width="640"/>

## Example

See example output below:

    $ python runner.py
    Municipality number: 1520
    PDF URL: https://komteksky.norkart.no/komtek.renovasjonwebapi/Content/7ece650e2665497f9bac50aa9efb1137/T%C3%B8mmekalender.pdf
    Added <Søppel Matavfall, 2019-01-02 06:00:00, 2019-01-02 07:00:00>
    Added <Søppel Restavfall, 2019-01-08 06:00:00, 2019-01-08 07:00:00>
    Added <Søppel Matavfall, 2019-01-15 06:00:00, 2019-01-15 07:00:00>
    Added <Søppel Papp/papir/plast, 2019-01-22 06:00:00, 2019-01-22 07:00:00>
    Added <Søppel Glas/Metallemballasje, 2019-01-23 06:00:00, 2019-01-23 07:00:00>
    ...

Functionality tested and working 2019-11-12 for 2020 renovation schedule.

## License

The software in this repo is released under CC-BY-SA 4.0, also found in the `LICENSE` file.

## Improvements and issues

- Lacking documentation
- Structure could use some cleanup
- No `setup.py`
